chore: release main (#1899)
Financial-Times/origami: components/o-share/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [10.0.3](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/compare/o-share-v10.0.2...o-share-v10.0.3) (2024-12-13)

### Bug Fixes

> * Use latest icon suit where icons are embded in markup, and do not come from the Origami Image Service ([7bebaf2](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/commit/7bebaf2b14d969345aac36e706743f4c33c6f531))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use latest icon suite where icons are embedded in markup, and do not come from the Origami Image Service. This requires a markup change to adopt the new icons, but is not considered major/breaking change as both continue to work and may be adopted over time. ([7bebaf2](https://github.com/Financial-Times/origami/commit/7bebaf2b14d969345aac36e706743f4c33c6f531))
```
